.\" Created by jeanslack on June 6 2020
.\"
.TH VIDEOMASS "1" "12 June 2020" "Version 2.8.0" "videomass"

.SH NAME
videomass \- Cross-platform Graphical User Interface for \fIFFmpeg\fP and \fIyoutube-dl\fP.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B videomass

.SH DESCRIPTION
Videomass is a GUI that allows more advanced use of FFmpeg than most other
FFmpeg-based GUIs. It features graphic tools with high automation capabilities
such as PEAK, RMS and EBU audio normalization filters with selectable audio
stream indexing, streams analyzer and more.

It allows you to create new presets or import/export existing ones, write and
edit new conversion profiles in order to use FFmpeg without limits of formats,
codecs and commands.

Most of the operations performed with FFmpeg via the command line, can be stored
as conversion profiles on Videomass and can be performed or modified on the fly.

Videomass also offers a graphical interface for the famous video downloader
youtube_dl and allows you to choose between various download options like a
specific format codes with the ability to playback individual URLs with different
qualities via mpv player. Allows also to download all playlist, embed thumbnail
in audio file (via atomicparsley), add metadata to file and write subtitles to
video.

Videomass is written in Python3 with the wxPython-Phoenix toolkit.

.SH OPTIONS
.B Getting help:

.TP
.B -h, --help
Show a brief list of options and exit.

.PP
.B Show version:

.TP
.B -v, --version:
Output version information and exit.

.PP
.B Check out the essentials:

.TP
.B -c, --check
List of executables used by Videomass found on the system.

.SH MAINTAINER
jeanslack
.TP
- Gianluca Pernigotto -- Project leader and main developer

.SH HOMEPAGE
.I https://github.com/jeanslack/Videomass

.SH REPORTING BUGS
For bug reports, please send an e-mail to:
.TP
Gianluca Pernigotto <jeanlucperni@gmail.com>

.SH "AUTHOR"
This manual page was written by jeanslack <jeanlucperni@gmail.com>, for the
Debian project (but may be used by others).

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR ffmpeg (1),
.BR youtube-dl (1),
.BR mpv (1),


.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright  ©  2015-2020  Free Software Foundation, Inc.  License GPLv3+: GNU
GPL version 3 or later <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
This is free software: you are free  to  change  and  redistribute  it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
